electrolux and efficient professional kitchens
electrolux cincinnati
They are fernando channels congratulations for having acquired 1 appliances
electrolux everyone's motto is to think about you
and to show a button our electrolux furnace
When you buy in the oven the first thing you have to do is useless lifting the manual
Instructions
in this good manual there are two one that is a fast track that is easier to
use stretched a little more complete they have recipes and many tricks are
they can do things like schedule the time adjust the time the language is very
important but also
of functions manual we have some accessories such as the probe
that we are going to cook with her
sun fantastic instrument
we have trays several types a normal flat tray a tray
grids where the ied circulates and a tray a little deeper
where
fats are stored in Easter let see more
we also have
what it says here
you want the steam function that steam function
this oven
is an oven that has all the functions to achieve the lowest
and also that the extra function that is steam cooking with steam is very healthy
because nutritionally we take advantage
ea contributions that have the food we will see the menu pays is how easy
what is the oven
and then in the cooking functions
we have for example wants hot what is the air of conviction the normal
the next would be heat up and down without fan the next would be
pitcher that is the fan with low resistance
The next
more conventional turbo which means fan with heat up
then it would be a gray in carlos chairs just above the next would be
double gray that means double the heat for very fast things
then heat only lower
the next one would be a fan but at a low temperature
the next one would be
the magical position what is heat with lying dor more
steam and the next would be steam exclusively for cooking food and already
We would go back to see and warm up because their menu continually carries around the
goal came but really in what is different this oven is that it is a
oven with all the functions and besides that it did not work extra
that does not work because it allows
for example
work only on steam to cook food to cook seafood vegetables
extraordinary meats besides cooking in steam and the function that is
massa because it is a function that food
they are cooked continuously
with an added theme that prevents it from drying
What is really different is in the power of regeneration what is
reheat foods imagine that you
lamb kitchen in advance
because he does not have time and at the last minute he wants to warm up the heating is
heat and cook and the food are perfectly going to see also
how the voice works the steam here have this to the tank what comes out
and then or Xavier or not so you can see it well
we put the water down the water still boiler that is down here if it
you can remove this to clean it off to provide weekly peace attack us
simply
for genovés we throw the water from the bag see how the same
cadets and a liter of water and has a hard autonomy is to say
half an hour
to half an hour if the water runs out because clear evaporate water if it did not
the oven separates typical this we would put it in simple stage flowers
then without any special installation
the oven is already
but good what we have to do is see how it works let's see about
examples